Update free system space requirement (#765)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/automatic.md

:::

> There are some solutions for this case.
> 
> ### Free System Partition Space Manually
> 
> Harvester tries to cleanup old images after upgrade by default.
> 
> However, the automatic image cleanup may not be performed due to various of reasons or operations. You can use [this script](https://github.com/harvester/upgrade-helpers/blob/main/bin/harv-purge-images.sh) to manually clean up container images after the upgrade is completed. For more information, see [issue #6620](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6620).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe solutions for issues related to this requirement.

### Free System Partition Space Manually

Harvester attempts to remove unnecessary container images after an upgrade is completed. However, this automatic image cleanup may not be performed for various reasons. You can use [this script](https://github.com/harvester/upgrade-helpers/blob/main/bin/harv-purge-images.sh) to manually remove images. For more information, see issue [#6620](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6620).
```

> ### Set a Private Container Repository and Do Not Preload the Images
> 
> In the worst case, the system partition still can't not meet the requirement after manually cleaning up the old images.
> 
> A feasible solution is to setup a private container registry, prepare all current and new images on the registry, then set the Harvester setting [upgrade-config](advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config) with following value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set Up a Private Container Registry and Skiip Image Preloading

The system partition might still lack free space even after you remove images. To address this, set up a private container registry for both current and new images, and configure the setting [`upgrade-config`](advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config) with following value:
```

```
{"imagePreloadOption":{"strategy":{"type":"skip"}}, "restoreVM": false}
```

> Harvester will skip the upgrade image preloading process. When the deployments on the nodes are upgraded, kubelet/containerd will load the image the private container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harvester skips the upgrade image preloading process. When the deployments on the nodes are upgraded, either the kubelet or containerd loads the images stored in the private container registry.
```
